documents/plan.md, before:

# Project plan

## Language evaluation

My language will have accomplished its functional goals if it can graph 90% or
more of the required graphs for Math 30, including all of the piece-wise 
functions. I will test this by writing programs for the graphs from my homework
from Calculus.

My language will have accomplished its style goals if a user without experience
with the language can easily (by their second try) produce a proper program
when given an example program.

## Implementation plan
I imagine that most of the time will be spent figuring out the details of the
input and the output. The IR should be reasonably easy to represent. 
Week 1: By the end of this week, I expect to know what language I am using,
what my MVP is for the project, and various stretch goals.
Week 2: I will have the IR for my MVP defined and a basic input (even if it is
not the final one I use). I will also have a first idea for the output.
Week 3: I will have the input defined with some examples of how it is used. I
will be able to run the MVP from input through IR to output.
Week 4: I will have explored more possibilities for output, and may change if 
I find a better option. I will have completed a few of my stretch goals and 
provide complete documentation on how to run the program.
Week 5: I will have completed my presentation and final write-up for the
project. 

## Teamwork plan 
I will work on this on my own.

Commit message:

Working on description and plan

documents/plan.md, after:

# Project plan

## Language evaluation

My language will have accomplished its functional goals if it can graph 90% or
more of the required graphs for Math 30, including all of the piece-wise 
functions. I will test this by writing programs for the graphs from my homework
from Calculus.

My language will have accomplished its style goals if a user without experience
with the language can easily (by their second try) produce a proper program
when given an example program.

In order to guarantee that the language implementation is of high quality, I
will use good documentation and clear requests for those critiquing my project.

## Implementation plan
I imagine that most of the time will be spent figuring out the details of the
input and the output. The IR should be reasonably easy to represent. 
Week 1: By the end of this week, I expect to know what host language I am using,
what my MVP is for the project, and various stretch goals.
Week 2: I will have the IR for my MVP defined and a basic input (even if it is
not the final one I use). I will also have a first idea for the output.
Week 3: I will have the input defined with some examples of how it is used. I
will be able to run the MVP from input through IR to output.
Week 4: I will have explored more possibilities for output, and may change if 
I find a better option. I will have completed a few of my stretch goals and 
provide complete documentation on how to run the program.
Week 5: I will have completed my presentation and final write-up for the
project.
